The following are examples in the MNIST based Blocks world environment that Bedrich Pisl claims to be incorrect and therefore noise in the data.
For more information he can be reached at: bedapisl@gmail.com


Move block number 5 so that it is 5 spaces above block number 8, in a straight line.
Move the 6 block so that it is six spaces below the 2 block.
Slide the McDonalds block right two lengths and then down until it is directly to the left of the McDonald's block.
Put the McDonalds block in the first open space to the right of the Heineken block.
Move 15 so it is above and to the right of 17
Move the Mercedes logo so that it is five block spaces above the SRI logo.
Find the 20 box that is located toward the middle of the mat. Place it so that its bottom left corner touches the top right corner of the 16 box.
Move the Pepsi block so its bottom left corner is touching the Heineken top right corner
Move the Nvidia block  to the second space above the Pepsi block
2 should be west of 4
Place block 20 west of block 20.
place block 12 so that block 11 is under it
place box 12 to the immediate right of box  12 then slide it up one space
Move the block up until it is almost even with the 10 block, then move it left until its left edge just passes the 18 block's left edge.
Move block 7 to sit equidistant between blocks 7 and 9, almost but not quite touching either of them.
Pick up block 14.  Place it so that the numbers read block 8, 9, 10 and 14.  Block 14 should almost but not quite touch block 10.
Place the Pepsi cube 11 rows from the top and 3 rows over from the right side.  Should be lined up with the Texaco cube.
Place the Pepsi block so that its to the right of the McDonald block by 1 block length.
Place block below and to the left of block 17.
Put block in the same row as block 20, and one column to the left of block 11.
Place the 12 beneath the 13.
Take block 8 and place it so that the right side touches the left side of block 10.
Move block 17 to the same column as block 16,  one block space below the top of the board.
Move the Starbucks cube so that it's upper left corner touches the lower left corner of the right cube.
Move 8 os it is one and a half spaces to the left of block 2
Move block 14 so that its lower right corner touches the upper left corner of block 2.
Move block 8 two empty spaces above block 15.
Move block 6 half a space away from having its bottom left corner touching 14's upper left corner
Move block 14 so that it is above and vertically aligned with block 1, touching corners with block 2.
Move 14 to the right of 13 and three spaces straight up
Move Pepsi to the slight southwest until it's north of Pepsi.
BMW block moves directly up and directly to the right to slide beside UPS and then it moves to the right and down slightly to form a gap and a misalignment.
BMW moves up and to the right around the upper part of the blocks and then down to where it is near UPS, slightly down.
Slide the Mercedes Benz block 2 block spaces to the left. Then slide it up until it is across from the Esso.
Adidas Logo has to move a half space to the left of Mercdes and slightly lower than Mercedes.
20 has to move a half space to the right of 1 and then a quarter space upwards.
Place block 15 to the right and just below block 8.  There should be a medium sized gap between 8 and 15.
